Suppress sync() system calls when invoking package managers (#3545)
systemd/mkosi: mkosi/resources/man/mkosi-sandbox.1.md

    sandbox which might try to `chown()` files to different users or groups which would fail
    unless `mkosi-sandbox` is invoked by a privileged user.

`--suppress-sync`
:   Specifying this option causes all calls to `sync()` or similar system calls to become a

>     noop in the sandbox. This is primarily useful when invoking package managers in the
>     sandbox which might try to `sync()` files which is unnecessary when using package managers
>     to build images and slows down package manager execution time significantly.

Reviewer: Nit: that's a lot of package manager here
```suggestion
    noop in the sandbox. This is primarily useful when invoking package managers in the
    sandbox which might try to `sync()` files when extracting packages which is unnecessary when building
    images and slows down execution time significantly.
```
